New nvimcom option: `max_cpu_cores` (#594)
R-nvim/R.nvim: doc/R.nvim.txt

and use the information output by `nvimcom` to decide what parameter to
change.

Completion lists are built in parallel, using all but two of the cores
reported by `parallel::detectCores()`. On systems where this number does not

> reflect the resources actually available to the process (for example, an HPC
> node managed by a job scheduler such as Slurm), you can cap the number of
> cores with the `nvimcom.max_cpu_cores` option in your ~/.Rprofile:
> >r
>    options(nvimcom.max_cpu_cores = 4)
> 
> In case you are using Slurm, you can set the option to the value of the
> environment variable `SLURM_CPUS_PER_TASK`:
> >r
>    options(nvimcom.max_cpu_cores = as.numeric(Sys.getenv("SLURM_CPUS_PER_TASK")))
> 
> Note that `SLURM_CPUS_PER_TASK` is only set if you have requested more than
> one CPU core in your Slurm job script (e.g., with `#SBATCH
> --cpus-per-task=4`).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Completion lists are built in parallel, using all but two of the cores
reported by `parallel::detectCores()`. On systems where this number does not
reflect the resources actually available to the process, like an HPC
cluster where CPUs are allocated as portions of the total available on the hardware,
you can cap the number of cores with the `nvimcom.max_cpu_cores` option in your ~/.Rprofile:
>r
   options(nvimcom.max_cpu_cores = 4)

This value can come from environment variables. For example, on an HPC cluster using
the Slurm scheduler, you can set the option to the value of the environment variable `SLURM_CPUS_PER_TASK` or, if it's not available (for example, you have not specified
`cpus-per-task` for the job and only get the default number of CPUs), then fall back to 2:

>r
   options(nvimcom.max_cpu_cores = max(2, as.numeric(Sys.getenv("SLURM_CPUS_PER_TASK"))))

```
